fb: https://www.facebook.com/ldph1036
ig: https://www.instagram.com/ldph1036
tk: https://www.tiktok.com/@ldph1036
yt: https://www.youtube.com/@lidodeparishotel

ABOUT LIDO DE PARIS HOTEL
Lido de Paris Hotel is conveniently located at the heart of Manila Chinatown, one of its thriving business districts. Whether you are planning to just finally catch a break to wanting to spend some quality time with your loved ones, you will surely
enjoy your stay with us.

WELCOME TO OUR HOTEL
Lido de Paris Hotel & Entertainment Center had its grand opening last 14 October 2012, strategically located along Ongpin, Sta. Cruz, close to Binondo's business district and shopping malls.

Lido de Paris Hotel's team consists of efficient staff which provides utmost guest satisfaction by anticipating and responding to every guest nee  ds with flexibility and attention to details, making each stay a worthy experience and a gainful undertaking for the hotel.

Offering its highest level of personalized service is the ultimate goal of the hotel management headed by our 
President - Mr. Sonny Aloroy,
Corporate Secretary - Mr. Allan Christopher St, and
Treasurer - Mr. Jason Uy.

Room Amenities includes air-conditioning unit with individual controls, cable television with remore control, private toilet and bath, minibar, 24-hour reception and room service, in-room safe, laundy, etc.

Culinary perfection is at your doorstep with our Coffee shop and Chinese Seafood Restaurant located at the Ground Floor Lobby. We prepare the menu with elegance, highlighting the best authentic Chinese ingredients each season has to offer.

At Lido de Paris Hotel, "We make you feel at Home", with its multilingual staff, we provide full range of concierge services, room service and business facilities which are available on request.

MISSION
To provide true and rich hospitality by providing the finest personal service and facilities for our guests with a warm ambience.

VISION
To be the leading 4-star hotel and deliver consistent personalized service that will exceed customer satisfaction.

INFO
telephone: 02-87088888 to 91
mobile: +63 9178946943
email: inquiry@lidodeparishotel.com
website: www.lidodeparishotel.com
location: 1036 Ongpin Street, Sta. Cruz Manila 1003

OUR ROOM
Our contemporary rooms are designed so that our customers will feel right at home. Each one is designed to let you experience luxury and satisfaction. All rooms built with more than enough space so that our customers are comfortable and relaxed. The natural and warm accents and decors within each of the rooms are specifically picked so that you are immersed in the experience each and every time. Lastly, each room is equipped with the latest and top of the line, if not the best, fixtures and amenities to ensure that will make your stay worthwhile.

BREAKFAST & BUFFET
Ta Lian Restaurant -- where we strongly encourage you to indulge in our wide selection of Chinese and Filipino cuisines.

TOWELS AND BEDDING
High Quality fabric used to make sheets and other bedding, and for good reason. It's durable, breathable, soft, easy to care for.

24/7 RECEPTION
There are many variations of passages Loem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour.

CITY TOURS
Minutes away, the old-world Intramuros is home to Spanish-era landmarks like Fort Santiago, with a large stone gate and a shrine to national hero José Rizal. Spanish colonial furniture and art fill Casa Manila museum, and horse-drawn carriages (kalesa) ply the area’s cobblestone streets.